so here is game 3 versus mythic after
just getting run over game to a quick
baneslayer angel plus finest hour draw
and we were without an angel song a raf
effect and that was all she wrote so
here we are in game three after we both
keep our opening seven and our opponent
leads with island which means no birds
or noble and there's the noble on turn
two but we're able to safely resolve
Jase the idea here is game 2 and 3 we
need to be aware of both in the gate and
ban charm both of which are probably in
our opponents deck at this point and so
knowing that we can safely resolve Jase
is is pretty important on this turn we
can try to resolve our time sieve but
there is a negate which we are then able
to dispel basically the side boarding
plan here is to cut down on glass desk
Hulk and architect of will to be able to
bring in alone dispel and day of
judgment and the idea mainly being and
the Sphinx are out if the deck as well
that's the additional two cards the idea
being that I only need one potentially
two glass desk oaks in the deck at this
point to be able to win and we just want
to try to protect our combo and make
sure that we are indeed able to take a
bunch of turns at this point after our
time sieve has been banned charmed we're
able to set up to planeswalkers on the
table and we'll be able to protect them
both since Tezzeret can go fetch alone
pilgrims I and our opponent only has one
attacker at this point
and so pilgrims I'll step in the way and
allow us to keep our tezzeret around a
hand is pretty good at this point we'd
like to find a howling line or two at
some point but so far not to be draw at
least an additional card on every extra
turn we take with Jace but you feel much
better if you're drawn three four cards
of turn don't you but here we're able to
return a land to get a border post into
play use tezzeret sun-tap ability to
untap both border posts so that we can
cast time warp and get a colitis tone
into play and on the following turn here
we're going to hope we see time warp or
a time Steve so that we don't have to
waste our ties rep but here that is
indeed what we need to do now I could
choose to sit back here on Angel song
and day of judgement but I'm running low
on clock I need to finish my opponent
off and he's tapped down such that I
know I can do whatever I want on this
turn and so I decided that it's best to
just push and try to go off here I feel
like the chances of being able to win or
are fairly strong being able to I have
an open the vaults in hand already and a
couple of times seif turns in me with
Jace on the table here's an open the
vaults here on turn 7 I guess it is my
turn 7 and that's why poems I can be so
good not only did it Chum block and
protect Tezzeret but it's fetched just a
few lands that we were able to make our
land drops and arrive at six lands to be
able to just hard cast with basic lands
open the vaults once again we don't draw
any action with our time Steve turn and
so we'll have to see what this term can
give us here we do draw into the time
warp thankfully and so we're able to
play a border post
and cast our time warp we can cycle away
one angel song probably at this point
perhaps if the the hand looks strong
enough you could cycle away both but I'd
like to keep one in hand just in case we
don't hit and are forced to pass the
turn to our opponent kaleido stone comes
down howling mine it's pretty good to
see you there howling mine since we
still don't have and open the vaults
which we need the second one to really
feel safe and that we've put this out of
reach but there we go we find an open
the vaults and now it's over we've just
got to make sure we win in the lot of
time click through our triggers put Hulk
into play take an additional turn and
the point at this point is just to try
to win as fast as possible sacrifice
some artifacts take another turn and
make a large unblockable glass to skulk
for the win
draw with jace and play some artifacts
and cast our time warp
you
and tack in
puts our opponent at 13 we should have
enough time to simply finish with class
tech whole glass desk Hulk tax so we're
going to do here make sure we don't
Decker self get rid of our or howling
mines take an additional turn key part
time Stephen hand for the following turn
so that we can make both Hulk's
unblockable and that'll do it castor
time civ and that's the match